# New York fonts
This all-new, Apple-designed serif typeface is based on essential aspects of historical type styles and is designed to work on its own as well as alongside San Francisco. First released on [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/) on June 3, 2019.  
Codenamed [Serif UI](../../../San-Francisco-family/tree/master/SF%20Serif) first used in Apple Books app on iOS 12 in 2018.
## License
Use of the Apple New York Font is subject to the terms of the License Agreement for the Apple New York Font (the “License”). The Apple New York Font may be used solely for creating mock-ups of user interfaces to be used in software products running on Apple’s operating systems. The foregoing right includes the right to show the Apple New York Font in screen shots, images, mock-ups or other depictions, digital and/or print, of such software products running solely on Apple’s operating systems. 

You may use the Apple New York Font only for the purposes described in the License and only if you are a registered Apple Developer, or as otherwise expressly permitted by Apple in writing. The License does not permit you to, and you agree not to, install, use or run the Apple New York Font for the purpose of creating mock-ups of user interfaces to be used in software products running on any non-Apple operating system or to enable others to do so. You may not embed the Apple New York Font in any software programs or other products. Except as expressly provided for herein, you may not use the Apple New York Font to, create, develop, display or otherwise distribute any documentation, artwork, website content or any other work product. 
